Update terminal.py to fix #11777 (#12192)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/11777.bugfix.rst

Reviewer: I think we should aim to release this in the next minor release, please rename to `11777.improvement.rst`.

Author: That sounds great! Is there an expected date for this minor release?

Reviewer: Not at the moment.

> Added support for verbosity setting in the short test summary info, so that when -vv is enabled, longer text will be printed out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text is no longer truncated in the ``short test summary info`` section when ``-vv`` is given.
```
